And that's it for this module.
Now we learned how to use TypeScript
together with "node.js."
And that can really be an amazing combination
because TypeScript adds many useful features
which simply allow us, as a developer, to write better
less error prone code.
Which has a lot of built in checks during compilation
and during development.
Which avoids errors at runtime,
when we then execute our code.
It is important to understand that node itself
is not able to execute TypeScript code.
So the code we write in the source folder here,
is not directly the code we're going to execute.
This is just our source code.
To execute it, we need to compile it first
and we do that with the "tsc" command,
which invokes the TypeScript compiler in this project,
thanks to the "tsconfig.json" file
and of course adhering to the configuration
we set up in this file.
This generates the "dist" folder
and it's now the "dist" folder that holds the code,
which we want to execute.
So in "package.json" if I would wanna add a script
that runs my node server,
I would add a "start" script in there,
where I run "node dist/app.js".
And now we could run "npm start"
to speed up that node server based
on our compiled JavaScript code.
Now whether you wanna use TypeScript
or not is entirely up to you.
You absolutely don't have to
and as you saw throughout this course,
I used just JavaScript.
I would argue that probably the majority
of node expressed projects use just JavaScript.
But you see how easy it is to use TypeScript as well.
And if you like TypeScript, if you like this syntax,
if you like the features it has,
definitely consider using it.
It's super simple and in the end
you get a regular node expressed JavaScript app
of course just with the extra TypeScript
features during development.
Now what you'll learn throughout the course
about validation, authentication, databases, error handling.
That all applies to this application as well.
You see it here, we write the same code
we wrote over and over again throughout the course.
The only difference is the extra
TypeScript syntax which we can add.
Extra TypeScript features like type assignments
or type conversions which act as extra type safety,
TypeScript is all about.
But that's east to add to the existing code.
So you don't need to learn a new language
and you don't need to use libraries in a new way.
You use everything as you learned it throughout the course
just if you want to, with the extra TypeScript features.